# The Letter
ITS BEEN SIX MONTHS SINCE THE FALL OF [IMYRYTH](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Iymrith)<br><br>
	Since [The Ordning ](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Ordning_(social_structure)) was restored, and peace was brought back to the Sword Coast.<br>
	[[The Nine Guardians]] , now celebrated heroes of the realm, whom triumphed against the insidious influence of that twisted dragon and the influence of her demonic patron [Asmodeus](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Asmodeus), had all but gone their separate ways. You see, though successful in their quest, the powers of evil had not left them whole. <br>
	As [IMYRYTH](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Iymrith) fell, a hellish portal had sundered the land to return what remained of her to her patron. One of the heroes, a tumultuous half demon by the name of [[Euphor]], who had himself made a pact with [Asmodeus](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Asmodeus), chose to rid himself of this evil influence and disposed a tome into the rift granted to him not once, but twice by the dark lord. As [The Book Of Vile Darkness](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Book_of_Vile_Darkness) tumbled and twisted the infernal gate before them and the heroes turned to flee from the rift, it let out a horrific screech. Dark, black smoke poured from its bleeding bindings. Inky tendrils formed and suddenly lashed out, grappling the young Tiefling fling. Before his friends could react, [[Euphor]], smothered voicelessly, was pulled along with his former burden towards the gate. The [[The Nine Guardians]] turned and to their horror watched as in an instant, he was gone, and the portal shut.<br>
	His friends spent weeks investigating the site and the surrounding towns, reaching out to the powerful connections they had made along the journey, but any lead they pursued ended in dust. The druids of the [[Emerald Enclave]] showed sympathy but could not spare to help as they had an infestation in the forest threatening their revival. The council in [[Waterdeep]] were well busy rebuilding from the destruction of war. [[Euphor]]'s life was merely a tragic cost of peace, paid by countless others. [[Liferos, The Great Tree|The Great Tree]] wept, unable to help and immobilized by his roots. The heroes also had their own lives to address, and after some time solemnly agreed to part ways, knowing they would never forget one another or their fallen friend.

That is, until one day.. curiously, they each awoke to find an abnormally large, [[Leaves of Selune|scribed leaf]]  leaf upon their chests. Scribed on the leaf were symbols unfamiliar to them arranged familiarly like a letter. Upon the top of the 'page' appeared the crest of a glowing white owl. When touched, they each heard a celestial female voice: 
>"Return to [[Liferos, The Great Tree|The Great Tree]] of [[Waterdeep]]. Show him this letter. My child lives"
